# ps1-vector-space-model-rmace001
ps1-vector-space-model-rmace001 created by GitHub Classroom
# Project Structure Description
The task is to create two index structures from a set of documents and calculate weights for a given term-query. `termIndex` is created for all unique terms in the set of documents, and `docIndex` for the document lengths. `termIndex` is simply a hash-table where the key is a single term-string and the value is a list. The list holds 2-element lists, where the first element is `docID` and the second is `docFreq`. `termIndex` does not contain stop-words, meaning that common words such as: "the", "a", "to", ... etc. are not indexed (not found in the hash-table). The `docIndex` is a hash-table where the key is the `docID` and the value is the `docLength`, also without counting stop-words. The indices are used to calculate and display term weights (TF, IDF, and TF-IDF) for each posting of a given term.
# Running docIndex.py
To run this program, you must contain a directory named `data/` and a file named `stoplist.txt` both in the same directory as this program. The `data/` directory stores `*.txt` files that correspond to different documents for this program. From this point onward, you may now successfully run this python (version 3.0 and above) program. When you run you are prompted to enter a single term-query. If the term is in the index, then it calculates its weightings. Otherwise, a message outputs saying "Term not found". To end the program, you must enter "sudoquit".
# Submission
The submission `Assignment1.zip` file contains all of the files needed for this assignment. The additional files include `Work-For-Part-1.csv` showing the work for part 1, `Assignment1.pdf` corresponding to part 1, and `docIndex.py`. The other files given include `stoplist.txt`, a `data/` folder containing a collection of `*.txt` documents, and `PS1.pdf`.  
